Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
I have a lot to talk to you all about.
I have been praying over a lot of things the Lord has had me on—assignment is what I want to call it.
I ask you to pray for me because I am going to give a really hard word tonight.
This word is probably one of the hardest I have ever given on a public platform.
I have brought it to the elders and I have bathed this in prayer.
If you know me and you have been following this channel, I give very hard words and I am very bold about it.
But this word that I was given from the Lord, I believe with all my heart, the Lord gave after I saturated this in prayer for some time.
I brought it to my elders, the people that I believe I can trust, my pastors.
I talked to pastors that are over me.
I talked to Sister Billy.
I talked to a lot of people, and out of a council, I have put several very strong key leaders—is what I want to call them—that I believe have great discernment because of the weightiness of this word.
I had this visitation from Jesus.
The night I had the live stream, the glory of the Lord filled my house.
The Lord said, "I do not want you to go live this night.
I want you to be private and I am going to talk to you.
" When that happened, he showed up and he stood right here as I was doing my live, and the manifested presence of God filled my house until about 6 that morning, 7 the next day.
The glory of the Lord filled my home so strong I did not want to move out of this chair.
I sat here and just wept.
Braden felt it.
My wife, three angels were with him, and they spoke to me.
The Lord spoke to me, not they.
The Lord spoke to me and he told me what was coming.
I was taken back by the word.
So, I have prayed and prayed and prayed over it.
I am going to just go over some other things first before I get into all that because I am just trying to fill it out; once I give it, it is out there.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for this time of prayer.
Father, I lift up this time of prayer to you right now in the name of Jesus.
And I bind any demonic spirits off this house and off of me, my wife, and my children, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I thank you that you speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind.
None of me and all of you, in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we always attract, deflect, and we give all the glory to God on this channel.
In all that we say, in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God.
We know it has nothing to do with me and has everything to do with you, Jesus.
It is all about you and it will continue to be about you, sir.
We love you.
We give you the highest praise for you are so worthy and you are so holy.
We see a lot going on in the news, right?
How do I even start this?
Oh, Father, we worship you.
We thank you, Father, for your glory for you are good.
You do miracles so good.
There is no one else like you.
For you are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
Is everything okay?
Yeah.
You want me to get her right now?
No, it is fine.
She is fine right now.
You deserve the glory and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name for you deserve the glory and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name.
For you are great.
You do miracles so great.
There is no one else like you.
For you deserve the gloryy and the honor.
Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name.
Father, I thank you.
I thank you, Lord.
All of you and none of me.
I feel inside we can go this way.
I want to start it off by playing something that I have made you three or four times now.
I have taken the time to really pray over this.
This is going to be me watching a video, watching it now again, because I cannot do it any better than what I did the first time.
I told Braden I said it is what it is.
So I want you to watch me telling you what I am about to tell you.
Because I am not going to do it again after doing this so many times.
I said, "Hey, you know what?
It is what it is.
If you receive it, you receive it.
If you can pray and help me pray over what is about to be told to you, then you are on assignment with me.
" Okay.
So, here you go.
Go ahead and play it.
Are you going to start from the beginning?
I am just ready to get this off of me.
You want to film, or you going to start from like where you start reacting to it?
I want you to just react to it.
Good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me again today.
I am about to give one of the most important words that I have ever received from the Father.
I have been praying over this word for the last 24 hours before I gave it to the public.
I brought it to some people that I trust, some elders to judge it, to pray over it.
I sat on the couch after he gave this word to me.
The very presence of the Lord filled my home.
It was all night long.
The very atmosphere was charged with the glory.
We sit until the morning light—my son, my wife, and my daughter—all just basking in that presence that was in our home.
After Jesus shows up, he leaves a fragrance and the angels that were with him.
It was the most beautiful thing I have experienced in a while.
I am in awe of how wonderful our Jesus is.
But he gave me a word and he wants me to tell you what he had to say.
I want to go over so it makes sense where we are right now in the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
January the 14th, we gave a word from the Lord that he gave us as we were driving around praying over our city.
This is what he said.
I am going to play it and I am going to stop my son and I am going to say some more before I release what he said to us last night.
So Braden, do you want to go ahead and play it?
Help me, Holy Ghost, because I have a lot here to tell you.
I saw the fork in the road going like this.
I saw President Trump in the Valley of Decision and a major escalation of war.
I kept hearing World War III.
This is the difference between the decision that he makes in the next couple of hours.
Now, I know when I am looking into the spirit, it seems like it's right in front of my face.
Sometimes it could be days away.
It is imminent.
It could be a week, two weeks, you know, but I am going to tell you the urgency of the hour of what I am seeing because he has given us the two weeks.
Remember I told you all two weeks, pray over this next two weeks.
This is the pivotal time.
So, this is what I saw.
I saw the Lord kept saying, "Push the button, Trump.
Push the button, Trump.
You're running out of time.
Push the button.
" And I could see him pushing the button concerning the decision, praying over the council that is influencing the decision because he has a council board.
And I saw these people talking to him and I saw Israel talking.
I could see certain people that were intelligence.
I can say that I saw intelligence and praying over the secret intelligence, praying over the people that would be in harm's way because this was very important for the secret intelligence to be protected.
This was very important on both sides.
As this was coming, I saw the Supreme Court and the Lord showed me, remember I said we can't allow the tariffs not to happen because that's the lifeblood of what the plan is concerning the economy of America to allow the economy to flourish and to go to the next level.
It would help sustain us and keep him paddling from going over the side of the waterfall because the economy was in trouble.
And I saw the Supreme Court judges.
Who did we see?
We saw the black man, the African-American man, and we saw the white man.
And the Lord told us, "Pray over those two judges.
" What is it about those two judges?
I saw Kim.
And then I saw these faces.
The Lord said, "Pray over these judges.
This is a major decision concerning the tariffs.
So, I've been praying over these tariffs because Plan A is the tariffs.
Plan B is trying to scramble for what we can do to salvage the economy.
How do we, if this falls and we have to pay back trillions of dollars to these countries and nations, what does America do with their economy?
This is a very hard position.
Okay.
So, I saw this is vital.
And some people go, "Well, Brian, I don't...
" Hey, listen.
We're in a mess.
And most of you don't realize how big of a mess we're in.
We're $34 trillion or more, $40 trillion in the hole.
When you got $40 trillion worth of credit card bills and debt, what do you do?
You have to have a Hail Mary play.
This is serious.
This is do or die.
Do you understand where we're at?
Well, I don't believe all that.
Then you're ignorant.
You don't know.
And we're at the point of paddling upstream and we're against Niagara Falls.
And the Lord said we're at the point of no return.
I'm giving you a window of opportunity.
And as I was praying today, I kept hearing: there will be a wound against America that will not be fatal.
That will bring people to their knees to bring the bride by my side.
Now I saw what the wound was.
The Lord showed me the wound today.
It's very serious.
And in the minutes ahead, where you remember the wound, the wound that will not be fatal, that will bring the bride by my side.
Don't forget that.
That's very important.
I want you to highlight that.
Write that down right now and think about the wound that will not be fatal to the church that will bring the bride by my side.
Okay?
So, think about what I just said right there by the Holy Ghost.
The Holy Spirit said that and I didn't know what he was saying at the time.
What is a wound that is not fatal?
What would be a wound to the American church?
What would shake America?
What would bring them to their knees?
The church, the Republicans.
What would do that?
Now watch again: by my side.
There's a shaking to awaken with what's coming.
And as I saw Greenland, I saw Venezuela, I saw the uprising of these...
what Trump had a plan: minerals, oil.
Again, praying over Iran, the oil wells in Iran to be striking the oil wells in Iran to the BRICS nations.
It's bigger than just the civilians on the ground doing this.
This is much bigger than civilians.
Why?
Why did the civilians happen?
Who instigated the civilians uprising?
How did that all happen?
How did it get so big?
It's much bigger than what I can say online.
It's much bigger than what I can relay to you.
You must think bigger.
You must come up higher in your prayer life with the Lord.
You can't pray the news.
If you're praying the news, you're too late.
You must come up higher in your authority as a believer.
That's why I try to encourage you all the time to read books like this about Sister Billie and the believer's authority.
Reading your authority and learning how to operate in the authority of the believer.
I'm not getting a kickback of selling that or trying to tell you to buy this book.
This is just something that we practice every day of our life and I'm trying to help you apply your authority and learning how to come up higher.
If you come up higher like an eagle, you'll see what's coming.
If you're praying the news, you're already too late.
The news is old.
We must be like the watchman or the eagle that sees way far in advance.
They know what's coming.
They know when a storm's coming.
They know where the food is.
That's what we have to do with our spiritual walk with the Lord.
And that's what I'm telling you all by the spirit of God right now.
We're in the valley of decision.
So I saw a major decision concerning Iran and the Lord kept saying, "Push the button.
Push the button.
" I saw Russia with Putin with that Apollyon circling him.
I saw that demonic spirit influencing his mind to escalate.
And I heard weapons of war.
Unconventional weapons of war.
That's what I was hearing today.
Weapons of war.
And I saw the elders weeping: older people, grandmas, grandpas, your great-grandmas that had walked through the valley of war with World War II, Vietnam, and the Korean War, these wars that they had seen in their time and they remembered it.
And because they had walked, I saw a major draft coming again.
And I heard the elders say it.
Where the cold engulfing across the land...
you may remember the old will cry.
I saw graves.
I said eight times.
And it was eight times.
I saw graves across the land in Europe.
I saw an uprising and war.
A great war.
The oceans, the resources.
I saw an attack against our resources from the supply chain coming out of China.
Again, as an escalation of things was taking off, I saw the boats coming from China, these trade wars and medicines and supplies for hospitals.
Things were in trouble as an escalation of war.
I saw the supply chain of food.
I saw the supply chain of things...
Europe was upset.
I remember I told you I saw Macron coming on the scene upset about Greenland.
I saw an escalation on all fronts.
So we see Macron today being very upset with Trump as Trump humiliated Macron about his sunglasses.
And we know that Macron hurt his eye or his blood vessel burst in his eye and he was covering it up and he was being teased by President Trump.
Then we heard him say something about joining...
it might be time for us to consider joining the BRICS in his speech.
Joining up with Russia.
Remember what I'm about to show you in just a second.
Remember that and what I'm about to show you and what the Lord said.
So Macron and Russia.
Okay, look at this.
"We might just consider joining up the BRICS," which is Russia and their plan, splitting away from the dollar, a new thing, right?
So remember that because you'll need that in a little bit.
A major escalation is on all fronts, but Trump was in the valley of decision.
That's why we must pray for him tonight concerning the decisions that he will make in the days ahead.
These are major decisions that will seriously alter everything; it will change the course of everything.
We must pray that he makes the precise one by the leading of the Holy Spirit, that he is not led by flesh or a carnal mind but is filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost in these last days.
With the pressure that he's having from all the demonic activity going on, are we backing him enough in prayer, church?
This should be bathed in praying in tongues.
Pray without ceasing.
Pray in the night.
Pray in the day.
Pray for our nation.
We're in the valley of decision.
I told you a 'Red Dawn' experience was in our nation.
I told you we have an enemy within that came over from the Biden administration.
I'm not here to preach fear, but I'm trying to prepare you because we have an enemy within.
I am praying over Taiwan and this escalation of things that I've seen coming.
This is a great war in a day; it's a trigger.
It's about Greenland.
Greenland is in trouble.
The dollar is in trouble.
Politicians remain silent, and the Democrats know the dollar is in trouble if they don't pass the tariffs out of desperation and pride.
Heads will roll in the night.
Remember I told you there would be an escalation and an acceleration to bring them to their knees.
They will either come; that's fine, I'm going to move on.
So, I'm going to go to the vision that I saw last time I was with you on Monday night.
I saw a lot that night.
I saw Capitol Hill.
I saw JD Vance in black and white.
He had a humongous head with a very skinny neck that was not able to balance it.
It looked like his head was just bobbling all around, but he was fighting on Capitol Hill, standing there looking at the White House.
He was in a black and white suit.
As I was looking at Capitol Hill, a massive peacock came down on the top of the dome of the Capitol, curled its head down, and looked towards JD Vance.
As the peacock was down, I could see the feathers, but they were not arched up beautifully; they were down.
It curled down, and there was some kind of sparkling light on this peacock.
The peacock looked like it was being humbled, cowering down to the presence of the Lord.
It was like reverence, and humility was coming on this peacock.
His head was bowed low, and the peacock started looking at the bobblehead, which was looking at our president.
There was a massive storm all around the White House.
Lightning was going all around him.
I could see lightning outside.
He was busy at his desk.
Arched over the Resolute Desk, he was writing very diligently in some kind of book, writing with intense focus.
He didn't even notice what was going on around him because of the task at hand.
Remember what I said about the devil coming out and poking his brain?
I said there was a bird hiding in the corner, a demon assigned to cause confusion in his head, pecking his skull.
Before a watchman or prayer warriors could see it, he would hide; he was being cloaked and pecking.
Remember that; this is important.
Listen, because all these things that the Lord has given us over the last two weeks, he said, 'Pray over this time frame.
' I'm holding the church accountable for what's about to take place, for there has not been enough prayer concerning the President of the United States.
When I went back to what he told me, he said, 'Brandon, I want you to stop focusing on what I'm showing you about what's coming and attack what I have given you in the spirit realm.
' I asked, 'Lord, what's going on?
' He said, 'They're not praying over what I'm giving you to give them.
These are the most intense and important assignments that the body of Christ in America and the world has ever had.
' That's what he was showing me.
When you hear what he said to me 24 hours ago, may God help us.
Remember JD Vance?
Remember the peacock?
Marco Rubio was at the corner of the steps below that.
Marco Rubio was there with his eyes bulged out, darting back and forth, looking at JD Vance.
His neck was not strong as he looked at the presidency.
I could see our president writing at the desk from outside the White House lawn.
I know it was a type and shadow.
The Lord is trying to warn us through a vision.
I don't really believe there was a peacock on there, and JD Vance didn't really have a head like that, but the Lord is trying to warn us.
I saw a massive storm around Congress and JD Vance, who was in black and white like an old-timey movie.
The Lord Jesus told me, 'Your president is about to be taken out by an assassin.
' He said, 'I hold the church accountable for what is about to take place in this nation.
' As I was sitting here, I saw the whole thing pan out.
The glory came into my house and I started yelling, 'Lord, how is this going to happen?
We have prayed for this man.
We have interceded.
We have stood in the gap.
' He said, 'The church as a massive whole.
' You're not the church by yourself, Braden.
This channel is not the church by itself.
He said pride has come into his heart and he has opened a door through the counsel of ungodly people advising him on what to do concerning the nations.
Because he has opened this door and that demonic spirit is influencing his thoughts, the church is supposed to pray.
The Lord showed me decisions being made were not what he wanted, and they were opening a door for a demonic attack.
I saw pride fill his heart and arrogance starting to slip in.
I saw a covering that was not covering him on his front side.
He was coming down.
It looked like Air Force One or something.
I saw a man a long ways away with a 50 caliber weapon that had a scope on it that big.
He had a black stocking hat.
He had a black shirt, black pants, and black combat boots, and he was laying on his belly focusing in.
When I saw this incident happen, I saw the projectile go through his body.
It was awful.
The Secret Service didn't even know where to go.
I'm telling you, this is very serious to me.
I'm telling you all this is very hard to even talk about, but I feel by the spirit of God, we must pray.
I believe we can stop this.
I want to say that I'm a watchman.
Even with everything that the Lord has showed me, it's been very precise, I believe concerning this man's life and praying for our economy.
I'm not here to take sides, I want to make that very clear because I know I have law enforcement watching me, but this is a very serious thing.
I brought it to the elders of the church to pray.
This is exactly what I have seen.
I bring the good, the bad, and the ugly.
I always do.
I'm precise.
I don't add to anything and I do not take away anything from it.
As I saw what I saw, I saw this scope on this firearm that was that big.
It was huge.
He was from a long ways off, military trained, and Russian.
I saw Macron and him negotiating and talking things through.
It was Macron and the Russian government.
God help me.
When this happened, I saw the Secret Service looking everywhere.
They couldn't see how far it came or how it happened.
They were in a panic on the ground and I watched the whole thing happen.
I saw immediately World War III across my face and a major war broke out in Europe of likes we've never seen before.
It was a retaliation immediately for what just happened to our leader.
It was the most awful bombardment of missile strikes because of what he has set in place if anything ever happens to him to retaliate immediately with vicious force.
When this happened, I saw a bombardment the likes of which we've never seen before in any generation with conventional weapons.
Like I told you, a wound that will not be fatal to the church, but it will bring the bride to the side.
It will shake the nations.
As I have prayed over this, I saw JD Vance walking through oak trees.
They were black as onyx.
They were all spread out.
Every single oak tree was the same size and height.
They were all barren with no leaves on them at all.
It looked like something that had been charred by some kind of volcanic fire, but they were all identical.
As he walked through these trees, there was white snow all over the ground.
He was wearing a black trench coat that went to the mid of his calf, similar to what he wears.
It looked like a dark blue, but I couldn't really tell because he was black and white.
The trees were black.
I think each tree represented a year.
I believe from what I have seen there were at least six to seven trees.
I'm still trying to go over it in my spirit.
Lord, show me how many trees that was and what did the trees represent because I know it was a metaphor.
As I saw him walking through the snow in these trees, he went to the White House and he sat down behind the desk.
He had a look on his face, not a smirk, not a grin, but he was just looking as I saw his wife pregnant with a baby.
She was big and pregnant.
Her belly button was sticking through her clothes.
She was standing behind the door listening to the conversation that her husband was having.
She had a Hindu looking outfit on that was pink with outline embroidery with a green John Deere color belt on.
It looked like something of Middle Eastern descent like a Hindu shawl.
Her face was not veiled.
It was a pink outfit as I watch this and I say this very carefully because I'm just telling you what I saw in this visitation that I had with Jesus.
I'm cautious.
I'm not accusing anything, but I'm just telling you I'm not adding to and I'm not taking away from anything.
I saw this couch.
Can you show that Erica was sitting on that couch?
She had a nice suit on, looked like something like St.
John's or something very classy.
She was talking to the media in behalf of his wife and she said, "We are just friends.
He was a friend of my husband's, my late husband.
He was a friend of Charlie's and I'm a friend of his.
And I'm filling in for her because she's with child and she's not speaking right now.
" She said, "I'm here to speak in behalf as the spokesperson, but we are just friends.
" She said that three or four times.
There's nothing more, nothing less.
We're just friends, but I'm here to fulfill a position right now.
She was sitting on the couch.
All the media was focused on her.
She was pulling her hair out of her face.
She was dressed up very nice.
As I saw her talking to the media, as I saw him at the desk, I saw Marco Rubio as number two.
Marco Rubio was standing next to him.
Who was number three?
Who took Marco Rubio's spot was Ron DeSantis.
All of them were in the Oval Office.
I watched all this play out as America was in a major turmoil.
It was something of hell on earth.
I saw that storm all around the White House in an intense fashion like you've never seen before.
And I saw a shaking coming to this nation with a major war like we've never seen before.
But Jesus said to me, I hold the church accountable for I have given the church authority over the enemy concerning prayer concerning these last days.
There's not enough prayer and they have elevated him to be the savior of America.
The only one that will ever save America is me.
The Lord Jesus was referring.
He said, "No one else will ever save America.
I will not share the glory with no one, even President Trump.
" As I prayed over this, it was so heavy.
I didn't know what to do with it because he said the last time I spared him, but open doors have set in this time and it will not be by the hand of the Lord like I saw not a sparing.
I don't want to quote it wrong because you don't want to add to or take away from anything.
The father I heard in him what he said, but I saw a shaking coming to this nation.
He said he's in the valley of decision and the decisions he makes concerning the nations and concerning where we are in these end times, this will be the make or break of his presidency.
The very decisions that he makes right now over the next couple weeks and even this speech, this will be the make or break time of this nation.
The decisions how he makes and what happens concerning Greenland, concerning Israel, concerning Gaza, concerning Iran, and so on, he has a major assignment to do.
But I saw the other one step in and he was trying to play the part but he followed along with the globalist agenda with the banking and all the other things.
It propelled us into even faster end-times.
What was being sustained went over the waterfall.
Things escalated at a rapid pace beyond this.
I'm bringing this to you with a heavy heart because of what I've seen.
I've been praying over this for well over four days.
This visitation happened Sunday last week and I've not known really what to do with it.
I know there have been other prophetic people who have had visions and said similar stuff like this that I have been told about.
I do not watch prophetic videos other than mine.
I try to keep out the other voices to make sure that I'm only hearing him and not adding to anything that anybody else has in their rolodex of things that they feel the Lord has told them.
Does that make sense?
You want to keep your vessel pure from all of the outside clutter, and it's very hard since there's prophet on every channel.
And everybody says, 'Hey, Brandon, did you hear this?
' I told my family, I don't want to hear it.
I have to clog my ears.
I have to make sure that I'm keeping it straight line with him.
They say, 'Did you read this book?
Did you read that?
' No, I just keep with him.
And this is how I keep myself, I believe, from the static and letting it come in the clutter.
Is it easy?
No.
This was so heavy because I wanted to make sure before I brought this to public, it was not flaky.
This is a heavy word.
And the Lord said the church has to rise up and pray over these next couple of days in this time ahead.
I said, 'Lord, this goes against everything you have showed me concerning the 250 years to the celebration, to the economy, to all these things.
' He said, 'I told you it was a valley of decision.
It will either go this way, which I have showed you, or it will go this way by the other decisions that are being made.
' It's altered by what you choose to do.
If the Lord says, 'Hey, sister so-and-so, you're called to be a song leader at your church, and you have a gift better than Celine Dion or whoever, and you're going to sing like a bird, and you've got all this, but you decide to go and do something else and go sing at the pub or at the club and get paid x amount of dollars instead of putting the gift in the church,' that's your choice.
The prophetic word was always there for you to do it.
But you have to yield to it and say, 'Listen, I choose to follow the Lord.
' But if you say, 'Hey, I don't want to.
I'm going to go sing at the club,' God's a gentleman.
He's going to let you go right over the cliff if you want to.
He doesn't hold you back at all.
He said, 'Listen, I gave you free will.
I gave you free will, and I love you so much that I'm not restraining you from doing anything.
I want you to love me and choose me because you want to, not because I'm forcing you to.
' That's why I try to tell you, we choose hell.
God never chose any of us to go to hell.
We choose to go down the path of unrighteousness.
But he said, 'When I've done everything I can do for the church by giving them power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, but nothing shall by any means hurt them.
I'm not going to do anything else about the devil, Brandon.
I've done it all.
' When I was on the cross and I said, 'It is finished,' everything I set out to do, I did it and I completed with perfection.
There was nothing more I could have done better.
Do you understand?
He was perfect.
He was a lamb slain for the world.
He was a perfect lamb without spot, without any kind of sin.
He was a perfect lamb.
But you have to know that that perfect God that loves us so much gives us free will.
And he said, 'Will you pray?
' And he said, 'Brandon, I don't need to show you anything else.
I need to tell you if you don't pray over what I have given you, you're in trouble.
The United States is in trouble.
I called you to be a watchman on the wall and bring prayer to the masses.
' And it has been so, even right now, almost 8,000 people watching—all glory to God.
But that's the seriousness of the hour to bring prayer and agree.
If just think about that, if one of us can put a thousand to flight and two of us can send 10,000 to flight, how much can 8,000?
What could we do?
That's why I say if we bring all this together, many hands make light work concerning this storm.
People say, 'Hey, Brandon, it's moving up more north by 100 miles into Tennessee,' and people are so excited.
I'm a believing believer that expects it.
I believe that when we pray that he hears us and mountains are moved.
Mark 11:24: 'Whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them and you shall have them.
If you say unto the mountain, be thou removed, be thou cast in the sea, shall not doubt in your heart, you shall have whatsoever things you say.
' I don't think I quoted the whole thing, but I paraphrased.
It's about being a believing believer in these last days.
There's a great war trying to break out across the nations, as I saw Macron and this other...
and if you remember what I saw about Gaza, I saw the brand new buildings coming and I saw the golf course and I saw a council in a V formation.
If there's seven major counselors, it looked like for sure behind MBS, they were in a V.
And the Lord said they will help fund and restore.
But this would be a peace agreement concerning the building of of the third temple in the days ahead.
Well, right here, look what happened today or yesterday.
Can you play that?
Braden makes the shorts for us.
I was taken to Israel and I saw MBS leading in a V.
He was the leader.
He was coming in there to do things, but he had other Arab men behind him.
Kind of like a duck formation.
Whenever you see ducks flying, they fly in a V.
He was the head of it.
And I saw him talking and he went into Israel and I saw him negotiating Gaza with Trump and other countries.
And they rebuilt Gaza.
So, we did a master plan and we've developed ways to redevelop Gaza.
Gaza, as President Trump's been saying, has amazing potential.
And this is for the people of Gaza.
We've developed it into zones.
In the beginning, we were toying with the idea of saying, 'Let's build a free zone and then we have a Hamas zone.
' And then we said, 'You know what?
Let's just plan for catastrophic success.
' Hamas signed a deal and demilitarized.
That is what we are going to enforce.
People ask us what our plan B is.
We do not have a plan B.
We have a plan.
We signed an agreement.
We are all committed to making that agreement work.
There's a master plan.
We'll be doing it in phasing.
In the Middle East, they build cities like this for two or three million people.
They build this in three years.
And so stuff like this is very doable if we make it happen.
I saw a golf course with Trump's name on it—that was a Trump golf course—with a flag in the ninth hole.
Now, I know this is symbolic, and it said 'Trump Golf Course Gaza,' and it was blue and white that looked like Israel.
It was in beautiful cursive writing and it had blue outlining the flag just like it would an Israeli flag and it was in the ninth hole.
I saw the green grass that was all on this golf course that looked absolutely beautiful and it was next to the Mediterranean.
I could see beautiful houses that were mansions behind it.
I'm talking big money homes that looked like something out of Miami.
They were white stucco houses with rooftops that could look out over the water.
And then New Gaza: it could be a hope, it could be a destination, have a lot of industry, and really be a place where the people there can thrive and have great employment.
Once this starts going, we think there should be 100% full employment and opportunity for everybody there.
We have a lot of data on what can be, but we think that this really gives the Gazan people an opportunity to live their aspirations.
And I saw, all of a sudden, oil derricks, but they were coming up out of Gaza.
And there was a massive amount of money in oil and gas underneath the soil of Gaza, underneath the Mediterranean, outside of the coastline.
So I saw the third temple being built.
I was taken to Israel.
So, in my life, we saw that and it's happening just like the Lord told us he would.
And they want the countries to buy in at a billion dollars a piece to be councils of this Gaza Strip and how they're going to bring in peace and a stable Gaza and eliminate Hamas and do all the things they want to do.
If you remember correctly, when I went to tribulation with the Lord back in 2014—I've told everyone about this so many times—I said, 'They create a flag that the Antichrist latches on to and starts using it as his own flag.
' Well, this is the new Board of Peace.
I couldn't read it all; I'm sorry.
Board of Peace—this is their symbol.
I thought that was kind of interesting because it's similar to what I saw on the Antichrist flag.
Is this the beginning of that symbol?
Because all they have to do is just put the five pillars of Islam above it with the green, the white, and the black and put the swords.
It's just like what I saw basically with the gold.
And I told Braden that if they just alter it just a little bit, it is interesting.
These are the beginning stages.
That's why I try to tell y'all.
People say, 'Oh, we have so long before Jesus comes back.
' I say, 'Your head is in the sand or someplace else.
You need to wake up.
' Jesus Christ is standing at the door and he's waiting.
And I've told you many times on this channel, the Lord said, 'Brandon, you're not waiting on me; I'm waiting on you.
Bring in a harvest.
Bring in the harvest of souls.
Tell the people I'm coming.
I wish that none should perish.
' Now people get all upset about theology, but listen, it's about saving that which is lost—telling the people the good news that Jesus Christ loves them and he wants us to repent and turn from our wicked ways.
It's time that we repent and come back to Jesus.
If you've never known Jesus Christ, it's time for you to come home today.
All these signs are happening all around us and Trump is in the valley of decision over these next couple of weeks.
We're basically at the 26th, going into the 3rd.
He said the 3rd comes up smelling like a turd.
I thought that was disgusting, but it's how it catches my attention so I remember things.
Going into the Olympics, I saw an abomination—the way things are about to be played out is very disgraceful, a slap in the face to the Father.
That's a better way to say it concerning the opening ceremony.
I've seen that the Lord said, 'Pray over the opening ceremony.
' So will we see a major Islamic celebration at the opening ceremony?
What are we about to see?
What's about to happen?
I said the shaking of the Catholic Church, the shaking of the church in America, the shaking of major signs in the heavens, in the earth, in politics, and in finances—all these major five shakings he told us were coming.
So, as I bring this to you tonight, I do it with a heavy heart, praying over this.
That's what we're here for.
I get these assignments, I get these words, and they're not easy to deliver on a platform with thousands of people, but I do it with great boldness.
I do it because I fear the Lord, not man.
When he tells me something so strong and the presence of the Lord fills my house, I say, 'I'll not hold anything back from you, Father.
' Whatever it takes, I'll do it, and I'll do it with boldness.
I thank you for praying for my family.
But I saw it was Russia; I saw it had to do with France.
And that was who was planning this against our president.
It was very serious.
This was a trained shooter.
It wasn't some kid this time; it was military-like, like the Navy SEALs of America.
That's how good this guy was.
It was so far off they couldn't even see him.
I told Brad I tried to look up how far one of those projectiles would go.
You can go up to over two miles.
I thought that seemed impossible.
How is that even possible?
Maybe I'm mistaken, but that's the way I was reading about this and trying to figure out how far this individual could be.
Is it a call to fear?
'Oh no, the sky is falling!
' No, it's a call to prayer.
I'm not giving up on my president.
I'm not giving up on his heart; I'm not giving up on him changing.
The Bible says, 'If my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray.
' He didn't say if the world would humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then he would hear from heaven and heal our land.
He said, 'If my people, who are called by my name—my people, people that I call mine...
' I just need to tweak some things in here.
What I've seen is him saying, 'I'm holding the church accountable.
' So, am I going to stand before him and say, 'Lord, I have an excuse; I was too busy.
I was trying to cook dinner, I had to go get my coffee, I didn't want to do a livestream tonight'?
What's your excuse not to pray?
I say, what's the excuse of the church?
Where are we at?
What are we doing?
I'm assembling a million men and women prayer army to pray for this nation, to pray for our president, and to pray for the decisions that he makes—that he cannot take counsel from the ungodly, that he would raise up godly counsel all around him, and that we would protect his children, his grandchildren, and him by the power of prayer.
Does anybody else out there believe in the power of prayer?
Are you a believing believer or are you not?
I'm asking you to help me.
I know it might be fun for some of you to come and look at the chat and do all this and get distracted, but I'm trying to tell you the urgency of the hour; a man's life is in the balance.
I'm asking you to please take this seriously and to pray for our president.
The enemy would love nothing more than to destroy our nation through pride, through arrogance, and through doing things just because it sounds good—like taking Greenland.
I don't understand all that.
I told you I had a great caution concerning Greenland.
I had a go in my spirit to liberate the people of Cuba over Mexico, to get rid of dictators, and to bring forth better leadership.
Are we the police of the world?
No.
But the Lord said we're that close to the Son coming, that we're in a Hail Mary play right now.
It's all hands on deck.
He wants the greatest revival this world has ever seen before, and he's calling all of us to come up higher in our prayer life with him.
I told you 1 Corinthians 5:5 was the word of the Lord for 2026.
A lot of people didn't want to hear that, but I said you're going to see great leaders in California fall.
There'll be a great church shaking in California in the days ahead.
A major leader of a major church in California will be shaken, and things will be exposed in the days ahead.
I said it will go all over the media, but I've not touched it.
The Lord said, "I'm shaking churches, Brandon.
I'm exposing corruption.
" He said, "A major TV network won't be there very much longer.
They'll go down, too.
" Remember how many times I've warned about this?
I said there's corruption in TV networks, churches, and major ministries.
He said, "Brandon, I'm cleaning house.
" There'll be a great shaking in the church in the days ahead.
Ministers that used to have a huge platform and audience will no longer be there, just that fast.
You'll see new faces rise up out of seemingly nowhere that I will put My hand on; I will use them and bring My glory through them.
It's not for us to hold it and take it, but for us to deflect.
We're just vessels—the janitors, the cooks, the children's church workers, the parking lot attendants—people that have been broken and been on the potter's wheel for such a time as this.
He will use whoever he can who will just say, "Yes, here am I, Lord," who doesn't have an ego and a resume.
He's done with egos and resumes.
He's looking for the person who was just the guy saying, "Listen, I cleaned vomit and poo for years, and I just wanted to yield to the Father.
" I was the guy outside pulling the weeds in the flower beds, picking up the gum or the dirty diaper that was in the parking lot, and cleaning it up, and I just did it all to the glory of God.
That's what He's looking for right now.
Not somebody who says, "Well, you know, I have a doctorate degree in theology and I can outschool everybody in here, and I'm telling you what, I've got so much world knowledge and word of the Bible," but there's no character.
He's looking for people who have character that will not bend to money, that will not allow money to destroy them.
When they get a big offering and they've got...
"Well, you know what?
Did you see all my bling and I got all this everything?
" Does the bling control you, or do you control the bling?
If He said give it away, would you give it away?
I don't believe God has a problem with us having nice stuff.
If we, being evil, give good gifts to our children, how much more does our Heavenly Father give good gifts to us?
It's not just about materialism.
He gives all things for us richly to enjoy, the Bible says.
But there is a stench that comes before Him from the materialism in the church and the way they act about it.
You've got a lust for stuff.
How much of a lust for stuff do you have?
Check your thermostat.
Check where you are with the Father.
It says, "Seek ye first the kingdom and all these things will be added unto us.
" He didn't say seek the stuff.
Seek Him, and He'll give you the things if you need them, right?
But the whole process of the world is we automatically just go after...
well, you know, because we get the prosperity gospel: "Well, we can sow this and I'm going to get five Rolexes, I'm going to get a Ferrari, I'm going to get a Rolls-Royce, and I'm going to get my brand new Gulfstream.
" I don't think there's anything wrong with having nice things.
I'm going to say that again.
But when the things have you, we should fall in love with Jesus, not the things.
Is He Lord of your life, or are things the Lord of your life?
You can have a Gucci shirt, but can He ask you to give it away?
How much more is He valuable?
You can gain the whole world and lose your soul.
I want to be sold out to Jesus in these last days.
I want to be all in.
Am I perfect?
No.
Do I get it right every time?
I don't believe so.
I'm just as human as every one of you are.
But I choose to follow Jesus and I try my best just like everybody else.
We're a work in progress.
But I'm trying to tell you what He's told me, and I do it with great fear and humility.
I didn't want to give these words tonight.
That's why I didn't do videos all week.
I had this on Sunday, and I told my son, "I've got to get this off me.
" I've interceded and prayed.
I haven't talked to anyone on the phone; I just stayed silent because it's such a heavy word.
But I saw the outcome of him not being in the presidency, and America didn't look the same.
Is he the savior?
No.
That's the point of what I'm trying to get across to you.
The only person who will save America is the Lord Jesus Christ.
But He'll use individuals.
When they get too big a head and they get in the way, guess what?
They open a door.
Does God kill, steal, and destroy?
Let me ask you that.
Some of you may say yes, and some of you are going to say, "heavens, no," just like me.
No.
The Bible says that the devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
God said, "I have come that you might have life and life more abundantly.
" That's very clear.
Choose life.
It's a choice.
So, we're going to pray tonight over this nation and this storm, and we're going to keep calling it to weaken and move faster.
I told the Lord—the Lord said, "Brandon," when I was praying over it—I said, "What about slowing it down and bringing in the colder air quicker?
" That was my problem-solving with the things I've overcome.
And I was talking to God, "Daddy, wouldn't it be better to go faster?
Let's move it.
Let's get it out of here quick.
Let's get that low pressure out of here as fast as possible.
" I'm thinking, "Well, if we could just get the cold air down and move it up north, the snow could happen up there.
" Chicago is used to snow; we're not used to ice down here in Oklahoma and Texas.
But in my mind, I'm thinking you've got to think smarter.
That's what I'm telling you.
It's just Jesus.
All glory to God when it comes to Brandon.
I feel the anointing of the Holy Ghost now; I'm so thankful that He would come.
I pray for this great nation that it remains great.
He said, "I will not allow your nation to become a goat nation.
I will keep you a sheep nation.
" When I talked about the wound and the things that I saw, I didn't know what it was.
But now you can see what it was.
It would be a wound that would not be fatal, but it would shake the church through the valley of decision.
It's His choice.
Do you go this way, or are you going to go that way?
Go the right path.
From Jesus, we pray for your safety.
This is what the Lord said, not Brandon.
This is what I saw from the Heavenly Father.
And He said, "Pray for him.
Pray for the counsel that is around him.
For I have a plan for his life, but he's in the valley of decision.
" What will you choose today?
To follow Jesus.
He spared him once; He spared him twice on the golf course, and even more times that we probably don't even know about.
A thousand shall fall at your side and ten thousand at your right hand, but nothing shall come nigh you.
Humble yourself underneath the mighty hand of God, and in due time He will exalt you.
You're in the time of the valley of decision coming into November.
And that's what the Lord said.
After all that, I found out that his wife's pregnant with child; she's due in July from what I understand.
When I heard that, I about fell over.
My son said, "Daddy, JD Vance's wife's pregnant.
" So, will you help me, church?
Can we pray?
Will you take it seriously?
It's not here for your entertainment.
I've been assigned by the Lord Jesus to tell you of what's to come and how we can change it through prayer.
So, we're going to pray now.
We're going to take communion and we're going to pray for our president and that he'll make godly decisions concerning Greenland.
Maybe there's another way.
You know, some say he won't take it by military force.
I don't know what the Lord's looking for.
I'm not a counselor.
All I know is the Lord said it's concerning Greenland and the decisions concerning Europe and Iran in the days ahead, and how he handles Israel and Gaza and all the things ahead of it.
I've warned about splitting Jerusalem, a two-state solution.
I said if that happens, I saw America be split right down the middle.
I don't believe he's for a two-state solution.
All I know is just to pray because that's as far as the word went.
So what he's supposed to do, I have no idea.
He didn't say, "Brandon, I want you to be on his counseling board and tell him what to do.
" He said, "Pray for him.
" He didn't say, "Well, you have it all figured out, Brandon.
I want to send you there and you can go and talk to him and tell him what's going to be—how the cow ate the cabbage.
" He said, "I want you to intercede on your platform.
" So everybody said, "What's the choice?
How do we stop this?
" I don't have a clue.
All I know is the Lord said to pray.
So that's what I have.
I did it.
I delivered it.
That was so hard.
When you get something off your back you've been carrying for a while, it feels better.
The Lord said, "I told you I was going to have you say the hard things, and that wasn't even hard compared to what you'll say in the future.
" And I said, "Oh, God," because that was hard.
So we pray over it.
All right.
So, Father, we lift up the body.
We thank you, Lord, for the body that was broken for us.
We thank you, Lord, that you're our healer.
You are our deliverer.
And we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're healed.
Lord, we take this and we're so grateful for all that you've done.
We thank you, Father.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for it in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Now Lord, if you want to show us anything else, we yield ourselves to you.
I yield to the anointing of the prophetic and I thank you, Father, that we fly like the eagles and we see that which is to come.
I plead the blood of Jesus over me, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood of Jesus over us.
We thank you, Lord.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We plead the blood in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that your hand is on us.
And we give you glory, honor, and praise in the name of Jesus.
We thank you.
We confess our sins before you, Father, and you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Lord, we're just here for you.
And we yield ourselves to you tonight, Father.
I apply the blood over this room.
I apply the blood over my children, over us, our finances, everything, Father.
I cover us in the blood, Father.
I thank you, Lord.
No weapon formed against us will prosper in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Take the blood.
He said do this often in remembrance of me and what he did for us.
Jesus paid the price and he made us free.
Isn't he wonderful?
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love.
So, let's pray now.
Who wants to go tubing for a little bit?
How long was this?
Did I do that pretty quick?
Yeah.
Too long.
Hour and 20 minutes.
Almost.
Well, that was great.
It is what it is.
If you want to be here, be here.
If you don't, don't.
So, Father, we just lift up this time before you and we just thank you.
Which way do you want me to go first, Lord?
Father, we cover President Trump in the name of Jesus and we lift up his family, his wife, his sons, his daughters, his grandchildren.
We thank you, Lord, that there's a hedge around and about them.
I thank you, Father, as the church that prays, believers, that we take authority over the evil counsel in the name of Jesus that has surrounded him.
We say, "Satan, thus far and no further.
" We plead the blood of Jesus over our nation, over our president, over his cabinet.
We thank you, Lord, that you expose and remove the rats.
We command the rats to go, Father—the people that are there on ill assignment from the enemy.
Father, I thank you that you would expose them through a text or through what they say, that they'll be caught in what they do.
Father, for the people that are supposed to be around him, let there be a peace that flows through him.
He would know, "You know what?
I know this is just right.
" And where the enemy is trying to do evil counsel and ungodly thoughts, we thank you that there's confusion in every evil work, so much so that they'll not be able to get it out right because there's no flow over it.
It'll just be like, "I don't even know what I'm saying.
" There'll be a confusion, Father, over the evil and a flow with the good.
Godly counsel will stand and flow.
Evil counsel will fall.
And we thank you, Lord, that they'll not even be able to get it done because the hand of the Lord is upon them.
We thank you, Lord, that the hand of the Lord is moving in our behalf.
Father, you're our Father and you told us to pray.
So, we humble ourselves before you, Father.
We know we can't do this without you.
But God, you told us to take our authority.
You said that you've given us power and authority.
I believe tonight, Lord, we take our rightful place of authority over this nation, over our president.
You said to pray for our leaders and our judges and the Supreme Court and the decisions they're about to make concerning the tariffs, the laws, and all the major decisions concerning the Fed and Jerome Powell.
We thank you, Lord, that you're bringing in a new Fed chair.
I've seen her.
It's a woman, I believe.
I thank you, Lord, that you appoint that person to help pull this economy up by its bootstraps and give us a window of opportunity for a great manifestation of a wealth transfer through the pink currency, the dinar, I believe—not financial advice, my opinion—and other cryptos and housing.
The Lord says five major pots.
I thank you, Lord, that this stuff happens and it happens quickly in the name of Jesus.
You're warring on our behalf concerning this.
Father, we put a new Fed chair in there that will do the interest rates like they're supposed to.
We know this bubble is going to pop.
No matter how many people say we can save this, we know what the end time says.
It's coming to a new world order and a new world currency.
There's no making America huge and great again.
It's making America sustainable again to float since Joe Biden and them all sunk the ship.
To make it salvageable, he took the pieces back and he built something that wasn't totally functioning.
It was just functioning to make it usable.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for we will have a time of wealth of the wicked laid up for the righteous.
Father, the church will flourish, and we will not lack any good thing.
We will owe man nothing but to love him, and goodness and mercy shall follow us all the days of our life.
I thank you, Father, for creative ideas to do what we need to do.
I thank you that the same is on President Trump to bring peace to Jerusalem and to fix Gaza, which is destroyed from the war.
We call peace to that area in the name of Jesus with wisdom.
Now, is this the Antichrist stuff coming about and Ezekiel 38 and 39 about to take off?
I believe so.
Is this the covenant of many coming about?
I believe it is.
We're about to see something major, and I believe these are the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord.
Father, I know what you say, that you want a major harvest of souls.
So, Father, we lift up President Trump and JD Vance.
We thank you, Lord, for Elon Musk.
I call Elon Musk born again.
I ask you, Father, to radically save Elon Musk.
Father, he is not too far gone for you to radically touch.
I thank you that Ayatollah Khamenei is removed and a major revival breaks out in Iran.
Persia will crumble as far as the dictators over it, and the church has their hour to rise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord has risen on them.
We call for all of Iran to rise up in the name of Jesus and for the church there to rise up and proclaim that Jesus is Lord, with signs following them that believe; that when they lay hands on the sick, they will recover.
When they cast out devils in Your name, they will raise the dead.
I thank you, Lord, that that kind of church is rising up in Iran right now in the name of Jesus.
The underground church is coming up with boldness, and You're removing the dictators and all of the oppression and suppression in the name of Jesus.
You're bringing forth liberty to them that ask for it.
I believe, Father, that the blood of the martyrs is crying out from the ground for vengeance.
The blood of the martyrs, the blood of the church of Iran, is crying out for vengeance, O Lord.
Father, I thank you that their blood will not go unnoticed and that their blood will not go unavenged.
There will be, in the name of Jesus, a major revival for their loss, a major harvest of souls, for they were the seed.
They were that seed, and some plant, some water, and some bring forth the increase.
Lord, it's time for the increase.
I know that you said we'd be persecuted for the word's sake, but Lord, I thank you for a divine visitation and manifestations of the glory of God on that nation in the name of Jesus.
It would go through Pakistan and Oman.
I am talking about other nations there: Oman, Jordan, Afghanistan, and Iraq.
We call forth a major revival over the area in the name of Jesus.
Father, let there be the greatest harvest of souls all throughout the Middle East, Egypt, and Syria.
I thank you, Lord, that you're touching India.
Father, I thank you right now in the name of Jesus that there will be a major harvest of souls in Jesus' name.
The church will rise up in Thailand and South Korea.
The church will rise up, even the ones being persecuted so heavily in North Korea.
Lord, we call for our brothers and sisters there who are not able even to worship.
You remember seeing them; they weren't able to make a sound, and they had to use their hands to praise You as they were crying out for liberation and for You to set them free from Kim Jong Un.
I ask You, Father, that You would deliver them just like You did the people in Argentina and Venezuela.
Deliver the people of North Korea just like You did Venezuela.
Father, I thank you that even his sister is removed in Jesus' name, and a great revival would break forth all throughout North Korea and China.
Father, let there be a major harvest of souls through the Philippines.
I thank you that you have not forgotten America.
Even when we have turned our back on you and stuck our nose up with pride, you have given grace to us.
We thank you, Lord, for the remnant I believe has kept this thing afloat.
I ask you, Father, right now to shake the White House and visit him in the midnight hour.
Lord Jesus, all he needs is a visitation from the Lord Jesus or a visitation from Gabriel.
Visit him in the White House in his sleep and tell him what's coming, that he would be like King Hezekiah, turn his face, and You would give him another fifteen years.
I thank you, Father, that You were merciful to them in the Old Testament; how much more will You do for us in the New Testament with Your Son's blood?
How much more, Father, as we come before you and pray, asking you to heal our land and that we will not see our president taken out by any foreign adversary.
May he go home at a ripe old age or by the rapture of the church, radically on fire and saved by the blood of Jesus, stirred from the top of his head to his soles, that we would have that praying president just like Kim Clement prophesied—a praying president who is Holy Ghost filled and for whom there will be no open doors.
We shut the doors and pray for him.
We thank you, Lord, that as the church, we rise up in our position and say, 'Satan, you will not take our nation.
' We apply the blood in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you as we see this cold blast come through.
We speak for it to speed up in the name of Jesus and move faster, leaving the weatherman in awe.
It is moving so quickly now; it has picked up speed and is leaving, and it won't cause the devastation they keep talking about on the news.
Lord, you warned us back in October or November that it was coming, and we thank you that you told us so far in advance.
Now God, I thank you that the God of miracles, the God who parted the Red Sea, the God who made peace when Jesus spoke and said, 'Peace be still' to the sea, is the same Father who dwells inside you and me.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
As He is, so are we in this world.
I believe tonight that we call peace to the storm and we call it to dry up in the name of Jesus.
We will not have major outages for a thousand miles plus.
We will not have these crippling power outages with millions of people out of power for weeks.
I pray over the Super Bowl and the gathering of all the people there.
For the enemy within, for the red dawn experience over this nation, I pray a supernatural covering over this nation in the name of Jesus.
May all our ICE agents get these evildoers out of our nation in the name of Jesus, and the persecution stops against ICE now.
Are they all doing everything right?
Well, if you came over here illegally, it's illegal, period.
Come over the right way.
So, are they wrong?
No, they're just enforcing the law of the land.
If you don't like the law, then change it, but they are abiding by the law.
They need to go by what the law of the land says.
They're just enforcing what they're assigned to do.
How hard is that?
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you protect our ICE agents, but I ask you to help them find these people trying to create mass destruction on our soil.
I ask you, Father, to expose and bring them to justice in the name of Jesus.
Every evil group of terrorists, every evil group of military invasion from other foreign adversaries—we call them exposed in the name of Jesus by Homeland Security, by our ICE agents, by the FBI, by our CIA, whoever is for us.
Father, I thank you; if God is for us, who can be against us?
And I believe there are more that are with us than there are with him.
And I call an uncovering with them right now through chatter, through that underground network of telephone communications.
I call them exposed.
And every single person that is here on evil assignment, I call you exposed in Jesus' name.
From MS-13 to the mafia to all of it.
The drug cartel mafia, we call them exposed and brought to justice in Jesus' name.
Father, your hand is on this nation and every crooked, evil politician from the Democrats to the Republicans.
I call them exposed and brought to justice in the name of Jesus, and the trafficking, and the underground money laundering, and all the things that are involved with the Somalia stuff and the planes and the trains and the automobiles, the big mansions, all this corrupt money with billions of dollars.
I call it uncovered in the name of Jesus and the political theater to stop.
We don't have time for this.
We call the exposing in California, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Maine, Nevada.
There were so many others the Lord brought up: Boston, Massachusetts area.
Thank you, Lord, that Omar is finding another job—the one that's over the Senate in Minnesota—and that the governor is finding a new job.
He's out of here.
All the corruption is being uncovered in the name of Jesus and that Pam Bondi gets this done quick and it doesn't take a long time.
It's not just drawn out and drawn out.
Father, we ask for a quick work, quick justice, and that the evil people doing bad things would be removed and exposed, and we would see all the corruption in this nation for what it is, and we get it sorted out and we drain the swamp.
Father, I thank you for people that have a backbone like a crowbar rising up and running for office in our Senate and our House and our governors and our mayors and our sheriff's departments.
The people with integrity, people with God-fearing—what we would call Christians—would be in there saying, not lukewarm Christians, but on-fire-for-God Christians.
There's a difference between being a Christian saying 'I'm a Christian' and being Sister Clipboard.
I'm talking about on-fire-for-God Christians in political positions, Father, and judges.
We call them in right now and we thank you, Lord, that you would speak to their hearts even right now and you say, 'Run for office, run.
You can do this and I'll back you.
' I thank you, Father.
It's not about being MAGA.
It's about being like Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, Father, for godly principles and godly theology and godly thinking in Jesus' name.
We believe, Father, that you're not done with America yet.
We believe, Father, there's a shaking coming to our churches and you're cleaning up the house.
1 Corinthians 5:5 will come to full fruition in 2026 and 2027 and a great manifestation of the glory of God is coming on this nation from sea to shining sea, from the Gulf to Canada.
I call forth a major move of God all throughout Canada and all throughout Mexico.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that when the gospel is preached throughout the whole world, then the end will come as a sign.
And we believe it, Father, that tonight we're seeing a turnaround.
Tonight, the boat is turning around.
Sometimes it takes a little bit to turn a big massive cruise ship.
But we believe, Father, that it's turning tonight.
Tonight marks the day—you mark it on your calendar right now—that today is the day of a divine turnaround, of divine favor, of divine restitution.
I believe that Jesus Christ and the holy angels are all working on our behalf right now as we speak.
They're working.
It's all happening right now and things are turning around.
The Holy Spirit's working on the hearts of the evil.
He's pricking the hearts of the evil right now.
Like it says in Acts chapter 2, he's pricking the hearts of the wicked, softening their hearts.
It might be Acts chapter 4.
He's pricking the hearts of the wicked, softening them right now.
And I believe, Father, right now that there's a divine turnaround.
I believe it, Lord.
Everybody else believe it too?
I pray over Australia right now in the name of Jesus that, Father, there's rain.
We call forth rain from Sydney all the way across.
I call forth rain in the name of Jesus.
And I say, 'Rain, come.
Drought be broken.
' And a major Holy Ghost rain is coming over Australia in the name of Jesus.
We call that rain to come forth.
Acts 2:37.
He's pricking the hearts.
Thank you, Braden.
Acts 2:37.
We believe that no one's heart is too hardened.
You say, 'Well, he's too corrupt.
He's too hard.
He'll never return.
' No, no, no.
I believe Acts 2:37, he can prick the hardest of hearts and make them pliable.
We call forth revival over Australia right now in the name of Jesus, from the land down under.
We call forth that major revival of souls.
We call forth the churches and leadership to rise up in the name of Jesus.
We call a fresh clean start, a fresh revival, fresh water.
Father, I thank you, Lord, when you showed me that drought, you said, 'Speak to the rain.
Speak to the temperature.
' We call it rain in Jesus' name.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain over Australia.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain over Australia tonight.
In the name of Jesus, we call in low-pressure systems to move across that great land.
And we thank you, Lord, that there's major rain.
Major rain.
We're not asking for destruction, but we're asking, Father, for their lakes and their streams and their ponds and their creeks to be filled for the kangaroos to drink and the koala bears to have fun.
We believe it, Lord.
And Father, the people will rejoice for the rain.
For not only a rain of the natural, but a rain of the spiritual, and the former and the latter rain will come together, and another and a greater wave of your glory will be seen all around Australia, and great new worship will come up out of it in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
As you're in your house over the next day or so, if you're snowed in and you can't get out, spend that time not just playing on social media, but give that time to Jesus.
Give him extra time.
It's just a timeout.
Spend time with your kids playing some games.
Play some board games.
Play a card game.
Do something fun with your kids.
Love on them.
Times are short.
Times are precious when their kids are growing up fast.
It's like I was making stew tonight with Paisley, and just in there cooking and talking.
Those are precious times.
Making a big pot of stew, making a big pot of some cornbread or whatever, talking.
If you can't go outside, stay in there and do something fun with your kids.
Spend time with the Lord.
He wants so desperately to have a relationship with you.
You say, 'Oh, I want a relationship with him.
' No, no.
He wants one with you even more if you just get yourself out of the way and sit at his feet and say, 'Here I am.
I want to know you.
I ask you to become real to me.
' I can tell you, whenever the presence on Sunday filled our house, even with such a hard word that I had to give and talk about—the glory of the Lord will change you.
It's that one touch, but being filled with the Holy Spirit like it was—he had the same way he always looked.
He looked so nice with his robe on this time.
I look at him and the glory of the Lord was all over; the way he shines.
You shine like a bright morning star.
Jesus, what a wonder you are.
That's somebody who's seen him.
You are so gentle, so pure, and so kind.
You shine like a bright morning star.
Jesus, what a wonder you are.
Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all.
Jesus, you always hear me when I call.
Jesus, you lift me up each time I fall.
You're the sweetest name of all.
The angels look like they're bodyguards, though I know Jesus doesn't need any bodyguards, but there were three.
One was behind him, one was on the side of him, and one was on the other.
And they came in together.
It's almost like his entourage.
It was cool.
Like, 'I'm walking in, man.
I dropped the mic.
I'm here.
I'm Jesus.
' It was cool.
It really was.
Not that he's always about humility.
I've never seen him be arrogant.
Nothing.
Ever.
Every single time he presents himself as so beautiful beyond description.
But it was cool because the angels that came in with him, and it shook me as I was right here.
Right here, he came through a portal right here.
I was doing a video for you and I was praying, and he said, 'I have a word for you.
I must tell you what's coming.
' I said, 'Why?
Tell me why.
What happened?
Why is this?
What's changed?
' Pride has set in.
I hold the church accountable, Brandon.
They're not praying for him enough.
That's why I ask you: Are you praying for our president today?
Oh, God have mercy.
I believe we could have changed things tonight.
Do you?
There's enough of us here.
I believe we could have changed some things.
I don't believe it was meant for anybody to go home that way.
I believe that the word says he does nothing in this earth unless he reveals it to the prophetic voices first, the watchmen.
I don't go around saying, 'You're a prophet, you're a prophet'—all this stuff.
I just say I'm a watchman.
I yield to the anointing of the prophetic; if he wants to say something, then Father, by all means, say it.
If not, I'm just as human as everybody else.
I try my best, y'all.
That's why I keep telling you: I get so tired of all the arrogance in the church.
Humble yourself underneath the mighty hand of God.
And we thank you, Lord.
Father, you can use anybody.
If you can use Brandon Biggs, you can use anybody.
And I truly mean that with all my heart.
If you saw all my flaws, you'd say, 'How in the world is God using him?
' Because that's why I ask about me all the time; it's by his grace.
Father, we just thank you.
We rejoice in the Lord always.
And again I say rejoice.
We believe, Father, that things are turning around tonight.
The expiration date to our need was today, for the breakthrough is here.
I believe that, Father, concerning health, concerning finances, or you might be bound by some kind of demonic spirit of addiction.
I believe that tonight's your night for your breakthrough.
You don't have to be walking in addiction to alcohol or drugs, nicotine, pornography, lust—all the things that the devil tries to use: the gold, the glory, and the girls.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're free.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And I pray over every single one of them tonight that they walk in divine freedom—that peace that passes all understanding, the joy unspeakable and full of glory.
Father, this is a time like never before, that we, the church, rise up like the Tommy Hicks vision and become that giant.
It's not the Pentecostals against the Baptists, the Baptists against the Catholics, the Catholics against the Methodists, or the Church of Christ.
Father, we become one body functioning as one with one voice, one sound coming together, all proclaiming that Jesus Christ is coming.
We're not going against this religion or that religion; but, Father, we are all wholly joined together as one body moving as a body, as that great mighty army.
He didn't say, 'Well, I'm only going to use the charismatics in these last days.
' If you notice, they seem to be the ones messing up a lot right now.
So we pray for the body to come together and join up and become strong.
And we lift our brothers and sisters up and we say, 'Listen, we can make it through this.
' I believe, Father, that's the kind of church we have today—a church that has boldness and a backbone like a crowbar that says, 'I will not bow and I will not burn.
' And you can turn up that furnace as hot as you want, but I'm still not going to bow and I will not burn because my God will deliver me from the flames of the fire.
You want to throw me in the lion's den?
My God will shut the mouth of the lion and he's going to make it where they can't eat me.
You either believe it or you don't.
I say, 'Father, give me boldness like Daniel and give me boldness like Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego' to say, 'Father, there are more that are with us than there are with them.
' I'm not scared of the armies of the devil or whatever is going out on the hillsides.
There's more that are with us than there are with them in these last days.
You are rising—we are rising up and we're taking our dominion authority tonight.
And I believe that our president is covered in Jesus' name with prayer.
We can pray in the spirit for about 10 minutes if you want, or because I try to make it all English so you all hear because I want to push—but we can pray and so you could grab a hold of it.
Attach your faith to mine.
You agree?
Touching anything.
We're touching everything.
President Trump said Melania, his marriage is strong.
I saw a storm coming for their marriage and the Lord said, 'Pray for their marriage.
Pray for their marriage.
' So that's what we continue to pray.
Now, did I know when that was?
I didn't know what it was when Pennsylvania happened.
I saw a man hit in the ear and all the things I saw.
I didn't know when it was going to happen.
But I saw a man this time in black and it was a totally different scenario this time.
So, do we turn it?
Yes, I believe it.
Do you believe that?
Yes.
Be a believing believer with me.
So, that's what we're going to see.
Oh, hallelujah.
How was that?
I dumped myself out.
It's all Holy Ghost, I can tell you that.
But it's like after you're over and I did it all, I said, 'My goodness, son.
I feel what the Lord told me to do today.
' Thank you, Lord.
Jesus is coming soon, morning or night or noon, many will meet their doom, trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise, righteous meet in the sky, going where no one dies, heavenward bound.
Dead shall rise.
Righteous meet in the sky, going where no one dies, heavenward bound.
Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah.
Well, if you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, I believe you're here not by accident, but by a divine appointment.
And if you've never asked him to be your Lord and personal Savior and you want to invite Jesus in, tonight's your night.
I always want to give an opportunity to come to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus.
Maybe you're here tonight and you are backsliding.
You're watching this and a snowstorm's coming or whatever and you're like, "What's that old guy saying now?
I've seen him on TikTok.
I've seen him on X and all these other things and I'm curious about it.
" But you're not here just to be a spectator.
You're here because Jesus signed you here tonight.
I'm telling you, the Bible says that no man comes to the Father unless He calls him.
So I believe that tonight's your night of salvation.
The moment you confess your sins, Jesus is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
It's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
I believe that there's no other way to the Father other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
If you're not born again and you don't know Him, you're in trouble.
But tonight's the night of salvation.
That's the good news.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
You don't know if tonight's your night and your number is going to be called.
So don't waste this opportunity.
You may not have another one.
Today's the day of salvation right now.
Or you could be lukewarm.
You could be backslidden.
You could be living for the world again.
You're here tonight and you want to have a fresh clean start just like the prodigal.
The prodigal son was in the pit and he was laying there with the pigs and he said, "If I could just go back to my father's house and be a servant, maybe he'd let me come home.
" But what was awesome about the father, he was there with the robe.
He was there and he told the servants, "Hey, go kill the fatted calf.
My son is home," and they had a great celebration at his return.
That's the way our Father is.
I believe that Jesus has never left you and He's never forsaken you.
You turned your back on Him.
He didn't turn His back on you.
And the moment you confess your sins is not when the Lord found out about it.
That's when you got rid of it.
And I believe tonight is the night of salvation for you to come home.
Come home.
It's not time to run anymore.
It's time to come home.
You're running out of time.
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end, ladies and gentlemen.
And I believe right now, if you would just yield yourself to the Lord, it would be a fresh, clean start for you to have a fresh, clean future.
Behold, He said, "I'll make all things new.
" So, if this is speaking to you and you feel that stirring on the inside of you and you're here tonight and you say, "Brandon, will you please pray for me?
Will you please pray for my wife?
Will you please pray for my kids?
Will you please pray for my husband?
" We want to come back to Jesus tonight.
I feel a stirring inside of me.
You feel those butterflies, those goosebumps.
You feel all that flesh stuff, and you're saying, "Man, I just want to make a fresh, clean start.
" I want you to be bold about your decision tonight.
And I want you to put it in the comments section right now: "I want to be saved.
I want to be born again.
I'm coming home to Jesus.
I want a fresh, clean start.
" Jesus died for you publicly.
I want you to be public about your decision.
We'll wait on you for just a couple seconds here.
You tell us: "I want a fresh, clean start tonight.
" And I want to say a simple prayer for you.
It's just a real easy prayer.
It's not a hard prayer.
It's a simple prayer.
A five-year-old could say it.
He didn't make salvation hard.
He just said it with the heart.
Confession is made with the mouth unto salvation.
You got to believe in your heart and confess with your mouth.
Say it: "I want Jesus.
" So, we're going to say it right now.
And if you're here tonight and you want a fresh start, tonight's your night.
So, say, "Jesus, I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
I ask You to forgive me of my sins.
I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
As of tonight, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin and from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve You with all my heart.
I dedicate my life to You, Lord.
I thank You, Lord, that You write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
That today I am forgiven of my sins.
That the moment I've confessed my sins to You, You said in Your word that You're faithful and just, and You cleanse me of my sins, and You don't remember it anymore.
That it's as far as the east is from the west.
You've taken my sins from me and from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve You with everything I have.
Thank You, Lord, that You've invited me into Your kingdom.
Thank You, Lord, that You've washed me in Your precious blood.
Thank You, Lord, that I'm free from all of my past in Jesus' name.
And behold, You've made all things new.
Amen and amen.
" I believe that you just got born again by that simple little prayer.
What do you do now?
You go to a Bible-believing church.
Find a—I would go to a non-denominational church more; that's where we would go.
And I would tell that pastor at that church, "I need to be water-baptized.
" Get water-baptized with water.
Make a public declaration that "I'm a Christian.
" All the things you can do.
Get water-baptized.
Read your Bible every day and pray and seek Him every day.
Find that church—go to Sunday, Wednesday, whenever they have church available to go to it.
Bible study, whatever you got to do.
Get plugged in.
Don't go back to what you were doing before.
Go and say, "Hey, I choose to follow Jesus today and I'm coming with a new life, a new way of thinking.
Holy Spirit, help me.
I can't do this on my own.
" And the Bible says that the Holy Spirit is an ever-present help in a time of need; the Lord is.
So I believe that today is your day of a turnaround.
So praise the Lord.
Now, if you can't afford a Bible and you don't have one and you say, "Brandon, I need a Bible," my wife and I will buy you a Bible.
In the description down below is an email address.
Tell us in the description: "I would like to have my Bible.
I got born again on your broadcast and I want my Bible," and we'll send you one from Amazon.
And so we just want to celebrate your decision tonight, whoever got born again, and just be excited that you just made the best decision of your life, which is to turn before they burn.
And so, praise God in Jesus' name.
Is there anybody who got saved?
37 people gave their hearts to Jesus Christ tonight.
Welcome to the family.
All 37 of you.
That's wonderful.
I'm so glad I went ahead and gave an altar call.
37 people all gave their heart to Jesus Christ.
Welcome to the family, all of you that gave your heart to Christ.
And we're happy for you.
We're excited.
We rejoice with your decision.
So, we love you.
So, come over here and like and subscribe.
Click that notification.
Come over here and pray with us all the time.
We appreciate it.
We're believing for a million men and women prayer army to rise up in these last days to pray for the things we saw tonight.
I don't know.
I know it's over two hours, so I didn't want to keep you all too late and it's already gone really late.
I could go keep praying, but I think it's pretty good.
I don't even know what time it is.
Oh, it's almost midnight.
So, but Father, we just thank You, Lord, as we close this today.
We're so grateful for every single person who comes out so consistently to support and pray with us.
Thank You, Father, for every person that's here tonight.
I lift them up before You.
I thank You that they're safe all over America.
People are safe from this storm.
That we call forth the snow to cease and desist in the name of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that the blessing of the Lord is on this time frame that they have with their kids, with their loved ones.
And if you're single, spend time with the Lord.
Find a good Derek Prince sermon I was listening to today about the tongue, about your tongue.
The power of life and death is in the tongue.
It blessed me while I was listening to it; I enjoyed it.
I've been listening to his stuff now.
I listen to Brother Hagin so much, and then I found him and I'm like, "Hey, I like this guy.
Pretty good stuff.
" Praise the Lord.
Did that bless you all tonight?
I don't know if it blessed you too much, but it is what it is.
I gave what the Lord told me to.
There's a whole bunch of people here.
A lot of people went home.
All right, we thank you for joining us.
Remember, we love you and Jesus loves you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart, and we'll see you again.
I believe probably tomorrow, maybe.
We'll see what we're doing.
I believe I probably will pray for a little bit tomorrow.
We'll jump in the river more.
I felt like I delivered what I was supposed to, and I felt a release.
God bless you all.
We'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.